Previously on Harrow...
- Did you kill Robert Quinn?
- Yes.
Why?
You molested her.
You abused my little girl!
She knew what she wanted.
And now I knew Fern's secret,
I couldn't face the chance
of being in jail.
I wanted to be there for her.
So, I got to work.
Does Mum know?
Well, that's not even
bloody close, is it?
They didn't cut that bone.
You shouldn't have interfered!
You made your choice and so did I.
Now we're in it together.
So, don't lie to me again.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Call ahead and get blood ready.
That was very expensive wine...
You're OK. Stay with us.
Keep the pressure on.
He's losing a lot of blood.
Hang in there, mate.
How many bullet wounds?
One. But it's a bad one.
My God! Daniel... Daniel...
Please, we have to
get him in straightaway.
Try to get an art-line in.
He's lost too much. Into Trauma Bypass.
I think his hepatic vein's been hit.
We need five units of O neg now.
Right now!
BP's dropping. We're losing him!
Hell is very floral.
You're assuming hell would have you.
Well, you're here.
I'm beginning to wonder why.
Do you want water, juice?
Whisky.
Sorry.
It's contraindicated by the morphine.
Morphine?
You were in an induced coma.
So, if it was attention
you were after, you missed it all.
Well, at least someone
has a sense of humour.
'Mister Lincoln' roses.
'Cause I was shot, too.
Clean through, apparently.
You... no longer have a gall bladder.
I was rather attached to that.
So, what happened?
I imagine I rubbed someone up
the wrong way.
Hard to believe.
Do you know who?
I have no idea.
Pretty funny, isn't it?
Come here...
Ooh!
Ooh-ooh-ooh! I'm sorry.
That's OK. It's OK. It's OK.
What happened, Dad?
It was probably just an accident.
Someone shooting on the river.
I'm sorry I had you worried.
I, I tried calling your mum.
She'll be OK now.
We both will be.
I'm on my way to work, so I can't stay.
I love you.
I love you too, bub.
It wasn't an accident...
was it?
Someone tried to kill you.
The police will find out who.
Shouldn't you be in bed?
Shouldn't you be chasing people
who like to shoot pathologists?
"A" pathologist.
You didn't happen to see
your shooter, did you?
I'm afraid not. It was dark.
Right. No death threats?
No anonymous warnings?
No-one you pissed off...
lately?
Soroya Dass wasn't happy with me.
Soroya Dass was boarding a flight to
Melbourne at the time you were shot.
Will you pay me back like last time?
Unbelievable.
So, do you have any suspects?
Harrow, the list of people
who'd like to shoot you
would stretch from here to Hobart.
And I'd be on top of that list myself,
were I not in charge of this case
which, quite frankly,
I need like a third armpit.
I am sorry.
I didn't plan on getting shot.
So, what about ballistics?
Well, we haven't found the bullet.
We're looking.
So, to recap - you have no bullet, no
witnesses, no theories and no leads.
I feel very safe.
Look, we're watching your boat,
your phone, your email,
and we are watching you.
And no-one's had another tilt at you.
And are my family alright?
We're watching them too.
So, what am I supposed to do?
Look, just...
go to bed and let us do our job.
Sam, tell the divers to look
further back.
Hi.
Daniel. Hi.
It's raining.
You can't sleep when it rains.
Your memory's OK, then.
Everything's OK.
I thought you might come visit.
I spoke to Fern.
While you were in surgery. She...
she told me what happened.
She told me everything.
About Robert.
What he did and what you...
I don't know what to say to you. I...
Dan, I... I...
I'm so grateful for what you did...
for our daughter, but...
I don't know what to think about you.
You don't have to think anything.
I wanted to see you. I just...
I... I don't think I can yet,
but I'm...
I'm glad that you're OK.
I told you doctors
make the worst patients.
Have you actually been discharged?
It's one thing to nearly die.
It's another to hear you
killing my car.
Have you been using the rest of
my belongings, too?
No.
I mean, you know,
I went through your albums,
picked out the ones I wanted,
in case you snuffed it.
I'm kidding. You don't have any
albums that I actually want! God!
Is that third? I feel like...
No, that's second, that's second.
Thank you.
I hate being cooped up. Right.
That's why you choose to live in
a 35-square-metre floating house.
And Nichols is going to kill me.
You should be going to a hotel.
It's fine. Nichols himself said
they're watching the boat.
Well, I'm glad you're OK.
You had us worried.
All for nothing.
I'm not finished learning
from you yet, you know?
I don't know what the lesson is here.
Call me if you need me.
And I may have broken
your car's tail-light.
Sorry.
Not your type?
Married.
Or so stupid he forgot
to take off his ring.
No, not my type.
When did yours come off?
Quite some time ago.
I promise, I'm really
only here to drink.
What are you doing?
Deleting the dating app.
If an algorithm can't
hit the basic criteria,
I'm better off without it.
Out of curiosity, what
were the basic criteria?
Must have half a brain...
and his own hair.
Must be over six foot, and over his ex.
Not a criminal and
definitely not a doctor.
Doesn't sound that hard.
But the truth is... it is.
Truth sucks.
What the hell.
Mr Truth Sucks, let's play a game.
We each tell each other four
things, but only one is the truth.
Guess wrong, you buy.
I'm game.
I...
grew up here.
I'm a political advisor who
recently lost her job,
even though I was protecting my
former boss from a sexual scandal
involving under 21-year-old
male back-up dancers.
I'm allergic to cashews.
And I still have recurring nightmares
about reversing over my King Charles
Spaniel, Colonel Mustard,
even though I didn't.
He was killed by a possum.
How big was this possum?
- You OK?
- Absolutely.
Only here to drink?
Medium decaf latte.
Large fruit frappe.
No, that's my drink.
I ordered a frappe.
No, that's mine! I need it. I need it!
Excuse me.
I don't like being stared at.
I think you may need to get used to it.
Where did you come from?
Do you like mysteries?
Here's one.
Recent surgery.
Gun running.
Failed circus performer.
Should we lie more?
Would you like to?
The truth is...
I really am...
Can we continue this tonight? Dinner?
I have to go.
First day.
First day for me too.
What are the cabs like around here?
I can give you a lift if you want.
Where are you going?
Not far. Middle of the city.
Me too. Turbot Street.
Where in Turbot Street?
83 Turbot Street.
Thank you all for coming.
It's lovely to see...
MOST of you here
to make welcome the new member
of the QIFM staff,
Dr Grace Molyneux.
We've been looking for another
pathologist for some time now,
so I'm really pleased
that Dr Molyneux has agreed
to finish her final six months
of supervised work here with us.
And I hope, after that, she stays on,
as long as we don't scare her off.
Welcome, Dr Molyneux.
Oops. Hello, hello.
Hell... Hello!
Hello, Grace.
You didn't come home last night.
I was worried.
Everything's fine.
OK, that's it.
Everyone back to it except for you.
Dr Harrow?
Why do we need another pathologist?
You know we've been needing
more good staff.
Now we have one.
What is wrong with Dr Molyneux?
She's rather...
tall.
- Why aren't you in hospital?
- I don't like hospital.
- Why aren't you at home?
- It's boring at home.
Why are you here?
My coffee mug's here.
I thought I'd look over
some old case files
to see who particularly
might have an axe to grind.
There are thousands.
Look, I've gotta do something.
Actually, I'm probably good
to start work again.
No! No, no, no.
I can't reinstate you until
you've had a psych evaluation.
That. Can't we skip that?
You were shot.
You need a psych evaluation
before you can come back to work.
But if it makes you feel better,
look over your old case files.
Reconnect with your mug.
But you're not working.
- Thank you.
- No worries.
We'll get you a computer
and a login.
And maybe a Doberman.
You know she gets an office?
That's because she's a pathologist,
apparently.
Well, I imagine you have an office,
because you are also a pathologist.
Apparently.
- Do you two know each other?
- No.
You were shot!
You're Fairley's girlfriend?!
He's my uncle.
Why didn't you tell me you were shot?
Well, you saw that for yourself.
I saw a neat bandage.
I didn't actually think there was
a whole sordid backstory
involving attempted homicide!
And you're a doctor.
You're a doctor.
Did you have any idea who I was?
I think I'd recall Fairley
mentioning a niece
who'd followed him into pathology.
Really?
Do you recall anything
my uncle mentions?
He warned me to steer clear of you.
- As a pathologist.
- Yes.
Well, this isn't about me
as a pathologist.
- This is about us as...
- Colleagues.
- I'm not your boss.
- You're my supervisor.
Well, one of them.
Come on. You understand.
No dinner then.
No dinner.
Get ready.
The police have shot a young woman.
I'll scrub up. I meant Dr Molyneux.
You stay out of it.
Can I help you?
The police said
someone would meet me here.
My... my wife's been shot and I'm...
here to identify her.
Yes, I'm... I'm sorry,
it's all a bit hectic in there.
So, what do I do?
Someone will be with you shortly.
Please...
Your wife is in there
and... she is dead.
Do you understand that?
So, in a bit, you will see her
and it will not be easy.
But then...
we will look after her, I promise.
Mr Diallo?
I'm sorry, we're ready for you.
Could you look after
my daughter for me?
Yes, yes, of course.
Not exactly the castle we hoped for.
Maybe not, but... at least
it's got four walls
and a lock on the door.
And... Da-dada-da! ..Legit keys!
Legit keys, yay!
And two weeks' rent in advance.
Thanks to your Mum.
OK, but then what?
I'm barely making enough.
It's OK, Fish. It's sorted.
Really?
I just can't tell you yet.
You have to trust me.
How's your Dad? Is he OK?
Yeah, he's gonna be fine.
Don't mind me, I'm not even here.
You shouldn't be.
Yes, I agree. You shouldn't be.
You should be in the hospital.
You're worried about me.
I absolutely am not.
Did you come and see me
at the hospital?
No. And I will tell you why.
- Because you think I deserved it.
- No.
Because I think that you invited it.
Whoa, that's a little harsh.
No, it's OK. Fairley's right.
When you go outside these walls,
the safety net disappears,
and you're just another person poking
your nose where it doesn't belong.
Precisely.
You know, I was sorry to hear
that you had been shot,
but when I heard that you were
going to pull through, I...
No need to visit. I respect that.
Well, then, why don't you respect
that this is my autopsy?
Because it's not. It's mine.
Music. I like it.
Shall we start?
Minor contusions
on outside right kneecap
consistent with a recent fall.
Small amounts of expressed
liquid from both breasts.
She has a three-month-old.
I met her husband.
Do you know what happened to her?
Apparently, she threatened
a cafe customer and police
with a cook's knife.
Their Tasers didn't work.
So, the police shot her?
Right.
OK, one puncture wound.
No burning of the skin. Is her CT up?
Well, there you have it.
One bullet stopped by her T5.
It appears to have passed...
Through her heart.
We'll confirm with internals.
While she's on her back,
let's draw blood and urine.
- Can I help?
- No.
No obvious haematoma or embolisms.
I would like to know
what went on in there, though.
- Don't start.
- What do you mean?
I mean, since adolescence,
she's been medicated
for severe anxiety.
But no reported psychotic episodes,
which sounds like
what happened outside the cafe.
What was going on?
We can't determine what was going on
inside someone's mind.
Maybe not.
We can determine
what caused that mind to die.
- The bullet through her heart.
- Yes.
- You're probably right.
- Well, what's the problem then?!
The problem is we don't know
why she acted in such a way
that she got herself shot.
- Harrow...
- Gentlemen!
My job is to complete this autopsy,
and I can't do it
with this kind of distraction.
Dr Harrow, would you mind leaving?
Red bean mochi?
What are you doing in Fairley's office?
I just want to see if the police
have emailed Fairley.
Why?
Some officers wear body cameras
and I thought there might be footage
of Sherry's shooting.
But I can't crack his password.
So, what do you think of
the new pathologist?
I don't think of the new pathologist.
Well, I think she's very smart.
I think that if I were
that way inclined,
I'd find her very interesting.
I think that's all about as
hypothetical as your next pay rise.
- Good Lord.
- What?
"Harrow Eulogy, Draft 1"?
- Yeah, no, don't read that...
- Bup-bup-bup-bup-bup!
"Daniel Harrow was a pathologist."
"He wore size medium scrubs."
"He did not have a pet
that I was aware of."
Why was Fairley going to do my eulogy?
He asked.
Anyway, it's irrelevant now.
Any emails from the police?
- No.
- Then, here.
Someone posted this online.
You can see when the Taser misfires.
Drop the knife! Drop the knife!
She took my drink! I need my drink!
She took it!
- She took it!
- Taser!
Misfire!
OK, drop the knife!
Drop the knife!
She took my drink!
"She took my drink."
This isn't your case.
Then what's the harm?
Residents of
a north Brisbane suburb are in shock
after police shot a young mother
outside a suburban cafe this morning.
Mr Diallo, Daniel Harrow.
I'd like to ask about your wife.
Have you finished with Sherry?
They'd be done by now.
It's OK, chicken.
Mr Diallo, what was going on
with Sherry?
Do you have any idea
why she was at that cafe?
I usually leave for work
at about six in the morning,
and Shez would take Bell for a walk.
And her anxiety?
She'd had it since I met her.
Yeah, it's OK, chicken.
But it'd been, you know,
kept under control.
Had been?
Tell me about her meds.
Well, she was on Sertraline
for years, and that worked great.
When she was on it, we could
go out to the shops, to dinner.
But after Bella was born,
the Sertraline stopped working.
She just kept getting worse.
And she just drank.
Alcohol?
No, no, water...
soft drinks, sweet drinks.
She kept needing
smoothies, juices, all the time.
But only after Bell was born?
Did the birth go OK?
Yeah.
I mean, it took the doctor four goes
to get the epidural in
but after that, it went fine.
And what'd Sherry's psychiatrist say?
We couldn't afford a psych.
We just went to the local clinic.
And the GP prescribed Quint...
Quin...
- Quetiapine?
- Yeah.
I'm afraid there wasn't any
in her system.
She stopped taking that too?
I'm not sure that's what caused
Sherry's behaviour at the cafe.
What am I gonna tell Bell
when's she older?
That the police had to shoot Mummy
because she was crazy?
It's OK, Bell.
You had me followed.
No, I told you we were
watching out for you.
What the hell were you doing
at Sherry Diallo's house?
Look, I saw the footage
of the shooting.
Yeah, we've all seen the footage,
and it's a tragedy.
And not just what happened
to that poor young woman
but also for that young copper
who had to do one of the hardest
things any of us have to do.
I hope you're not starting
some kind of witch-hunt.
No!
Look, the victim looked like she had
some kind of psychotic episode
but her lifelong diagnosis
was anxiety, not psychosis.
- So, I...
- You do know you're not working?
Yeah, I know.
- I'm not allowed back until...
- Until you have a psych assessment.
- I don't have anxiety or psychosis.
- Look, mate, I get it.
Not wanting to have a psych assessment?
I mean, guys like us,
we don't want to admit
we're scared of dying.
I'm not scared of dying!
And guys like us get better
by getting back to the job.
Hey, you need to pass
that psych assessment.
So, here's what you say.
Are you serious?
When they ask you if memories of
your shooting are coming back...
- They're not.
- You'll be tempted to lie.
Don't.
Say, "Yes, but they're
less and less frequent"
"and, frankly, they're becoming
a bit boring."
How have you been sleeping?
No worse than before.
Meaning?
Meaning, I used to sleep
about four hours a night.
I still sleep about four hours a night.
How do you feel about
returning to work?
Fine.
Good. Excited.
And about reconnecting
with your workmates?
Great.
Happy.
Except Fairley.
Sorry? Fairly... happy.
I'm looking forward.
Excellent.
Well, that's just about it.
Good.
Have you been remembering
your shooting?
Have thoughts of it
come into your mind uninvited?
Images you just can't get rid of?
Yes.
But they're less and less frequent
and... quite frankly,
they're becoming a bit boring.
- Nichols?
- We found the bullet that shot you.
Its trajectory dropped
pretty quick after...
Well, you slowed it down.
- .276.
- Rare calibre.
Yeah, which means it's a rare gun.
So, you found it?
Found it, and the bloke who bought it.
Harrow, this is a favour.
You don't get to say anything
or do anything, OK?
OK.
So, Brendan, you arrived at the park.
Then what happened?
- You don't have to answer.
- Mate, it's alright.
I parked me car and I checked
that there's no-one about.
Then I got the gun I just bought
out of the boot.
This Garand?
- My client doesn't have to...
- Mate, I've told you, it's alright.
- You remember this guy?
- You can continue, Brendan.
Yeah. That one.
Vaguely.
Sss... Skyde?
Skene. Brendan Skene.
He poisoned someone?
Yeah, slipped rat poison into his
annoying neighbour's porridge.
The park was dark, right?
So, I made my way down to the shore
and I found a spot.
I had a clear view of his boat.
I just waited until he was on deck
and I shot him.
Shot who?
Daniel Harrow.
Why did you shoot Dr Harrow?
'Cause he proved it was me
who put the Ratsak
in that idiot's breakfast.
If it weren't for him,
I would have got away with it.
Instead, I done 11 years.
I done 11 years.
I shot him, alright?!
Can I get some water?
Interview paused 226pm.
You can, thank me
whenever you're ready.
- Thank you.
- You can go home and relax now.
It's over.
I'm sorry.
Dr Harrow?
All done?
So, did you peek?
- No.
- Really?
The Daniel Harrow I know
would have looked.
The Daniel Harrow you know
got himself shot.
What were you afraid that she'd
discover in that head of yours?
That the person I am
might stop me doing the thing
that makes me the person I am.
- So, do you want to see?
- Yeah.
Good. You can't.
But you can clear up your desk
and you can resume work on Monday.
Drop the knife! Drop the knife!
She took my drink!
I need my drink!
I need it! I need it!
Drop the knife right now! Taser!
Taser!
It's not in there anymore.
Her brain.
It's with the rest of her organs.
Neat sutures, by the way.
What sort of doctor were you?
You think I missed something
in her autopsy?
I do.
But I don't know what.
Alright. Illuminate me.
Sherry Diallo was drinking.
There was no alcohol in her system.
No, no, no, drinking water,
soft drinks, a lot.
According to her husband,
she was thirsty all the time.
Polydipsia. Unquenchable thirst.
That explains
her low blood sodium levels.
She attacked that woman outside
the cafe for taking her drink.
Now according to her husband,
this odd behaviour started
three months ago.
When her new baby was born.
I checked her fluids.
She was off her anti-anxiety meds.
You see, this is what gets me.
If she was off her meds,
she should have been exhibiting
signs of acute anxiety, not psychosis.
- So, something changed.
- Could it have been a stroke?
I mean, a clot in the hypothalamus
could cause behavioural issues.
No. I checked her brain CT.
There was no cerebral embolus.
Besides, she was young,
healthy, good cholesterol,
no trauma in the arterial system
that could have caused a clot
to form and go up to her brain.
Besides, there was no clot.
Unless there was a clot.
- And it dissolved.
- Dissolved.
Was it neurosurgery you left?
Which makes it all the more
unforgiveable for missing this.
The clot's gone, but there's
the degenerated tissue it caused.
And in the hypothalamus.
Emotions. Behaviour.
Thirst.
And this could be three months old.
Which is when her baby was born.
What are you thinking
caused the embolism?
Well, Sherry's husband did say
she had trouble with her epidural.
Doesn't make sense.
A clot caused by a spinal catheter
would have been trapped by the lungs.
Or the heart.
Here's the path of the bullet
entering just below
the pulmonary trunk.
Through the tricuspid valve,
exiting right atrium.
A lot of damage from the bullet.
Which explains why no-one saw this.
A hole in her heart's septal tissue.
That's what I missed.
She probably had it her whole life.
But it's how the clot got
from her spine to her brain.
The bullet killed her,
but that's what set
the dominoes falling.
That's her real cause of death.
A blood clot?
Sherry wanted the epidural.
She asked me if I thought
it was a good idea and I said,
"Babe, anything that stops you
being in pain."
It wasn't just the epidural.
No-one knew that she had that
little hole in her heart.
At least I can tell Bella
that her mum wasn't crazy.
Thanks for seeing me.
No problem.
You want to shut the door?
- Have a seat.
- I'm OK to stand.
Alright. How can I help?
I made mistakes
in my first autopsy here.
Sherry Diallo?
Well, I read your report,
and to my mind,
you did a really thorough job.
You not only determined cause of death,
you determined why
that poor young woman
was suffering her behavioural problems.
But I only determined those
because of your Dr Harrow.
OK. Now I insist you sit.
You know, you can learn
a lot from your uncle.
And as for Harrow, well...
I don't approve of his
methods, I don't.
But I do approve of his results.
And he's going to be around,
so it's up to you whether you
want to learn from him or not,
- OK?
- Yes.
Yeah.
What's going on?
I'm afraid your shooter's
not going back to jail.
Brendan Skene, found dead in his cell.
Apparently, he had
severe Type-2 diabetes
and didn't tell the watch-house
he needed insulin.
Diabetes? Why didn't he tell?
Well, maybe he didn't want to do
another 11 years for attempted murder.
Cataracts. Grade two or three.
You know, you should be grateful.
If his eyesight was any better,
it might be you in this body bag.
Anyway, saves us all a trial.
Hey?
Are you OK?
Yeah. Fine.
What's up with you?
Fairley...
Did you tell him
I was on his computer?
Listen, you know how Fairley
likes to rehearse his speeches?
If you tell him I gave you this,
I will start singing along
to your records.
That's... that's enough!
And... rolling.
Dr Daniel Harrow was...
well, he was
an extraordinary pathologist.
He was intuitive,
dedicated and inventive,
and committed to giving a voice
to those who had lost theirs.
But... he was also my friend.
And...
And I...
We'll just pick this up later,
shall we?
- Yeah. Yeah, we'll fix it.
- Right.
- Hi.
Sorry it's taken a while
for me to call back.
I've been working and stuff.
- And you've got yourselves a flat.
- Yeah.
When we're settled,
I'll invite you over.
What about you?
I heard the police got the guy
who shot you.
They did.
He died in custody.
Well, that means
I don't have to kill him.
No.
Karma did the job.
I didn't think you believed in
stuff like that.
I'm not sure what to believe anymore.
What's wrong?
Nothing. Nothing.
- How's Callan?
- He's good.
He's out, working and stuff.
Busking, I guess.
And are you OK?
Yeah, I'm... I'm fine.
And you?
If you're fine, then so am I.
OK.
Well... goodnight.
Goodnight.
Hello?
Did you like my flowers?
Who is this?
This is the man who left
those beautiful blood-red roses.
You know, the 'Mister Lincoln's.
Who is this?
Dr Harrow, please,
where's the fun in that?
You left me flowers
because you heard I was shot.
No, I left you flowers
because I'm the one who shot you.
Unfortunately, my friend, the man
who shot me has been arrested.
Yes, yes, found, arrested
and has perished in Her Majesty's care.
There are a lot of people
who know I've been shot
and who'd like me to feel
a bit anxious,
but, frankly, I'm not in the mood.
But you are in the mood for another
glass of Crianza Tempranillo.
- Where are you?
- Don't worry.
I'm not gonna shoot you again.
Not tonight.
I'm glad I didn't kill you
with my first shot.
Seeing you there, in your hospital bed,
your bedside table covered
with missives of affection
from those who care for you,
because now I have the chance
to do more than kill you once.
Now I will take away
everything that you hold dear,
everything you love,
everything that makes
your life worth living.
Hands! Hands behind your head!
Drop the backpack. Step away from it.
And once I've done that,
then I will kill you.
And I promise you,
when that happens,
you won't want to live.
Before I ask you any questions,
I must tell you,
you have the right to remain silent.
So, get ready, Dr Harrow.
And you remember,
everything you hold dear.
Synced & corrected by PopcornAWH
www.addic7ed.com.
Next on Harrow...
Your daughter broke the law
and she's going to have to pay.
I think someone did this to you
to get to me.
- Do you know who?
- I'm going to find out.
Think about what you're suggesting.
- That Skene was a patsy?
- I know. It sounds crazy.
When did you sleep with Grace?
We decided to keep things
strictly professional.
Who goes BASE-jumping
and doesn't pull their chute?
I don't know. But those guys were pros.
Or maybe they were just unlucky.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org